MERL-1343/MERL-1342: API rewrite to WP plugin vs GA (#1687)
wpengine/faustjs: .changeset/thick-pugs-appear.md

---
'@faustwp/cli': major
---

> Removed Google Analytics endpoint and replaced with updated plugin API endpoint.

Reviewer: Should we document in the changelog here why this is a breaking change? For example: "We removed <insert the function names we removed here>", so people can easily understand what is breaking without having to dig through PRs, or open support questions, or otherwise fret about what's going on?

> Removed telemetry CLI commands for `faust telemetry enable/disable/status` for opting in/out and enabling telemetry as well as receiving telemetry status. Telemetry functionality has been moved to the Faust WordPress plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**BREAKING**: Removed telemetry CLI commands for `faust telemetry enable/disable/status` for managing and viewing telemetry opt-in status. Telemetry functionality has been moved to the Faust WordPress plugin. Sites that previously opted in from CLI will no longer send telemetry data unless someone opts in from the WordPress side.
```
